README.md, before:

# minishell

42 school minishell project

## Resources

- [Abstract Syntax Tree](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Abstract_syntax_tree)
- [Backus Naur Form](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Backus%E2%80%93Naur_form)
- [Lexical Analysis](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Lexical_analysis)

## Development Workflow

1.  The main development branch is called `main`.

    ```bash
    git checkout main
    ```

2.  Prefix your branch name with your initials.

    ```bash
    git checkout -b ms/$FEATURE/$SUB-FEATURE
    ```

3.  Write your magical code

4.  Add and commit your changes to the branch:

    ```bash
    git add . && git commit -m "$COMMIT MESSAGE"
    ```

5.  **A note on Commit messages:** Full __capitalized__ and __punctuated__ English sentences please.
    This helps tremendously with reviewing and commit history tracking.
    Be **precise** and use the __present__ tense, as if you had written the commit before you added the code.

    - Type of commit is a useful information (a `fix`, an `improvement`, a `refactoring`, a `removal`).
    - A link to the main issue/task, this can also be done more easily in the main PR post on GitHub.
    - The message should explain why this commit is done. This will also improve the history.

6.  After merging with root branch for any updates:

    ```bash
    git push origin ms/$FEATURE/$SUB-FEATURE
    ```

7. Open a PR to merge with the `main` branch on the GitHub website.


### To merge new `main` changes on your branch

1.  Checkout to `main` from your branch.

    ```bash
    git checkout main
    ```

2.  Pull newest stuff from remote.

    ```bash
    git pull origin main
    ```

3.  Checkout to your work branch.

    ```bash
    git checkout ms/feature/sub-feature
    ```

4.  Merge your local updated `main` to your work branch.

    ```bash
    git merge main
    ```

5.  Solve conflicts if any, add and merge them.

6.  Push your updated work branch.

    ```bash
    git push
    ```

Commit message:

Add example of BNF with simple arithmetic.

README.md, after:

# minishell

42 school minishell project

## Resources

- [Abstract Syntax Tree](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Abstract_syntax_tree)
- [Backus Naur Form](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Backus%E2%80%93Naur_form)
- [Lexical Analysis](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Lexical_analysis)

## Example Backus Naur

Good example to think of mathematical expressions `/x+-` and the numbers 0 to 9.

In **Backus Naur** it would look something like this.

```
<expression>	::=	<number> '+' <expression>
							|		<number> '-' <expression>
							| 	<number> 'x' <expression>
							|		<number> '/' <expression>

<number>			::=	0 | 1 | 2 | 3 | 4 | 5 | 6 | 7 | 8 | 9
```

## Development Workflow

1.  The main development branch is called `main`.

    ```bash
    git checkout main
    ```

2.  Prefix your branch name with your initials.

    ```bash
    git checkout -b ms/$FEATURE/$SUB-FEATURE
    ```

3.  Write your magical code

4.  Add and commit your changes to the branch:

    ```bash
    git add . && git commit -m "$COMMIT MESSAGE"
    ```

5.  **A note on Commit messages:** Full __capitalized__ and __punctuated__ English sentences please.
    This helps tremendously with reviewing and commit history tracking.
    Be **precise** and use the __present__ tense, as if you had written the commit before you added the code.

    - Type of commit is a useful information (a `fix`, an `improvement`, a `refactoring`, a `removal`).
    - A link to the main issue/task, this can also be done more easily in the main PR post on GitHub.
    - The message should explain why this commit is done. This will also improve the history.

6.  After merging with root branch for any updates:

    ```bash
    git push origin ms/$FEATURE/$SUB-FEATURE
    ```

7. Open a PR to merge with the `main` branch on the GitHub website.


### To merge new `main` changes on your branch

1.  Checkout to `main` from your branch.

    ```bash
    git checkout main
    ```

2.  Pull newest stuff from remote.

    ```bash
    git pull origin main
    ```

3.  Checkout to your work branch.

    ```bash
    git checkout ms/feature/sub-feature
    ```

4.  Merge your local updated `main` to your work branch.

    ```bash
    git merge main
    ```

5.  Solve conflicts if any, add and merge them.

6.  Push your updated work branch.

    ```bash
    git push
    ```
